all right so we're gonna go ahead and
lower the ramp
so some fast forwarding here gonna run
over to that big mobile base over there
thing let's get awesome mileage and
there's this video is just gonna be me
going through the base I'll explain now
there's one encounter you're gonna have
to deal with where you're moving up and
I suggest running around looting the
area inside the basic idea and the
encounter just involves a bunch of
Enclave soldiers it's actually one of
the easier encounters of this whole area
so it'll be easy for you to
oh man don't hurt me I just work here I
work on the robots I fix them up I saw
what you did before you got in the base
you're not gonna hurt me are ya oh thank
goodness
I'm Stig's nice to meet you man
I'm glad you realize I'm not one of the
bad guys I'll be happy to answer any
questions you have
well the satellite tower is right on top
of the base I'm sure you saw it before
you came in you're gonna have to make it
to the central control area before you
can get on top of the launch platform
once you're on top of the platform
you're probably gonna have to make your
way past a bunch of soldiers before you
get to the tower
by